Canada and China have strong ties ever
expanding Trade Currency swap agreements
expanding between the two Nations
Canada's involvement in the aib and so
much more you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we're
going to talk about Canada we are going
to talk about China and their expansion
together let's begin right away I want
to make this a quick video beginning
with this article out of the glob of
mail Beijing pressing for full access to
Canada's economy in trade talks there's
a lot of in this article and the rest
I'm just going to cover just a few
points from it China's new Envoy says
Beijing is seeking unfettered access for
Chinese state-owned that's important
firms to all key sectors of the Canadian
economy during free TR trade talks now
underway including an end to
restrictions barring these Enterprises
from investing in the oil
sands what they talk about in this is
basically that they want to allow an
expansion less restrictions let us
invest but what they say down here
you'll
see all Enterprises should be treated
equally no matter if they are
state-owned or or private they are equal
they are both Chinese Enterprises so
there is a little discussion saying
should we allow the state China
state-owned Enterprises to invest in the
sort of infrastructure that they want to
and this being the oil sand so they want
to be able to bring oil out of Canada
they want to funnel that towards China
that's the goal and this is something
that has been a
concerned and I do believe that and I'll
give my opinion right now there's two
sides to this foreign investment is good
in a way obviously you bring money from
the outside you have businesses that see
the oil sands as an example as a
business making
opportunity they see oil they see
business at the same time they're going
to be able to hire Canadian people
bringing jobs bringing money in there's
Engineers there's people that work on
the ground there's everything and it's
in a sense good for the
economy you have a Commodities exporting
Nation like Canada that wants to be able
to do business like this I get it it's
great understood however take another
example what
if the ties between China and Canada 20
years from now are very
bad what would happen to these
corporations would they then shut off
the
oil are they going to
perhaps have their
own concerns about you know what what's
going on between the two Nations uh no
no no you're you individuals are not
allowed here you individual you're
restricted this and that all the
business that goes on is suddenly halted
there's a lot of concerns what about a
tech company for example they all of a
sudden start giving away information
back to their
state that's my concern sure
business-wise it's great okay no doubt
about it but you run into civil liberty
problems you run into the problems of
tension down the road that's my concern
with it I'll I'll move on here I want to
know your thoughts on that of
course China is Canada's second largest
single country trading partner and a key
market for Canada and the asia-pacific
region so there's no doubt that us is
number one they
export a really really large amount to
the US
but number two which would surprise a
lot of people is in fact China in 2016
2A trade uh merchandise trade amounted
to 85 billion foreign direct
relationship with China 33 billion at
the end of
2015 and it goes on there's a lot in
here I'm not going to get into it too
much I just wanted to note the fact that
look trade is expanding between China
between Canada and they want that to go
into more of these free trade
agreements there's no actually such
thing as free trade of course you know
this if you are for example from Canada
you want to buy something in the US it
comes across the border you pay fees you
pay taxes you pay everything don't think
there's you know free trade and things
just go to and from like that I mean
it's it's obvious it's very simple you
buy something you're in Canada you buy
something from the US most of the time
it comes across the border and you got
to pay fees you got to pay taxes you got
to pay you know all these things it's
not really free trade for you and I what
it means is that corporations get a
break the big corporations that is not
you if you're a small business and
you're trying to do business no no no
it's
corporations get a break that's what
free trade agreements are all about all
right let me move on
quickly what we would like to export to
China this is an article out of CBC it's
old article but the point is made simply
put oil we currently export a ridiculous
99% of our Energy Products to the sell
their neighbor that's the US and then
they're talking about the Keystone
Pipeline and everything
else it's important to note where the
Commodities in any commodity exporting
Nation are going they're going to the US
that's key but things they want things
to change China's interest in Canadian
crud is well established given that the
Asian giant has made a multibillion
dollar investments in Canadian oil
companies okay so that's what's
happening look at China's investment in
Hollywood as an example sure it might be
okay for them to do that but will that
change the image and is there going to
be able to be you know criticism of
China if all of a sudden all the media
is owned by China obviously there's not
going to be the same level of criticism
if
any China state-owned company copek is a
financial backer of Enbridge proposed
Northern Gateway pipeline is going to
funnel oil from Alberta and then it
could be shipped over to China so that's
important to note what their plans are
what they want to do foreign investment
coming in we take your oil we bring it
back and we use it it's a simple matter
of fact and this is
profitable for everyone along the lines
let's let's say that it's profitable but
is it
smart you have to sort of weigh the pros
and cons there's no doubt about
it this article talks about NAFTA Trump
said he wants to tweak the Canadian US
side of NAFTA but focusing on the unfair
trade relationship between us and Mexico
so this is something about NAFTA that I
just want to briefly mention NAFTA isn't
beneficial to any country it doesn't
benefit a country it benefits
corporations now what will be done about
it I'm sure is you know I'm
hoping
that we see some good news I'm
hoping I got a bad feeling about it but
I'm hoping that we see some good news
coming out with everything Trump has
said trying to renegotiate everything I
I think in the end in the longer term
it's beneficial for everybody to just
have single packs between nations if
anything to have a single pack between a
nation when you have all of these packs
set up this
huge trade TPP and all this stuff is
just everybody gets screwed over in the
end all right let's move on right here
Canada has officially this is new
officially received approval to get into
the aiib they say controversial China
Leed infrastructure bank but I don't
think it's controversial at all what's
controversial about it is the fact that
it sort of represents an opposition to
the World Bank and the IMF and that
there is its controversy it's not really
controversial in the way that they like
to bring it out no no I disagree with
that because it's simply able to do
whatever it it wants to do I mean if
it's going to bring in money from all
over the world including Canada then
it's obviously beneficial it's a good
thing for China for everyone involved we
don't have to have the hemony of the IMF
and the World Bank ruling everything you
know there should at least be
competition I I agree with even though
I'm sure that it's not a good situation
uh for freedom and liberty I think it's
better to have
competition that's all I wanted to say
okay moving on Switching gears we're
going from Canada which obviously has a
very big real estate problem right now
and you have Chinese investment big
Chinese investment going on inside of
Canadian real estate I want to move that
towards um what we look at the real
estate issue in San Francisco then
comparing that to the rest of the US
CNBC worked with realor.com to see how
far $1.3 million goes $1.3 million in
San Francisco might only get you $
800 square ft of space 800 square ft for
$1.3
million contrast that to an area like
Houston where you get
6,000 square fet of real estate now
there's a huge chasm in between the two
obviously and that shows you how serious
The Divide has become where is you
know divide in between the rich and the
poor divide in between the different
cities cities around the different
states provinces wherever you live you
can't just say the US is doing bad it's
not really a fair assessment you have to
look at it in smaller smaller Pockets
different sectors of the economy are
doing bad different sectors are doing
well you you need to really break it
down and really be honest about it and
forthcoming what I would say about real
estate here is that when you if you talk
to people in Toronto today as an example
$1 million well that's nothing you're
not going to get anything for a million
dollars today in Toronto that's
generally the consensus now a million
dollar now if everybody's making
$250,000 a year I would say the same
thing however that's just not the case
wages have barely increased at all over
the years yet the housing prices have
risen so dramatically you can't do that
okay that's just not going to be
sustainable and that is a big problem so
that's just one thing I wanted to
mention you can't have foreign
investment buy it all up and the only
way this would be you know you can't
have home ownership let's say if all the
foreign investment is buying it up and
pushing the prices up cyborgs at work
employees getting implanted with
microchips this was brought to me also
by a
subscriber and I already had this
article queued up you know I have
multiple videos the the articles of
which queued up at any given time and I
try to piece them together so everything
flows that's the way I do it right so if
I find a lot of information on Canada I
just keep putting it into a folder
putting it in there and then when I get
enough for a good good video then I sort
of uh lay that out so some information
is a little older than others anyway
this article basically talking about the
technology this cor this company is
giving people the opportunity let's say
uh I'll use that word lightly the
voluntary voluntarily allowed to put a M
trip inside you you could use it to open
the doors you can use it to pay for your
uh groceries and this and that what I
problem I have is you know they're
saying look I want to be part of the
future that's what this is all about I
think it's a little bit of a problem
already people are attached to their
technology wearable tech you have cell
phones basically implanted in people's
faces and then you have an actual chip
inside the body then you remove that
separation that minimal separation in
between human and Technology and it sort
of becomes one and obviously Ray kwell
and others have talked publicly about
this Elon Musk even that they want it or
that it would be needed I think it's a
big concern I think it's a big problem
for the
future anyway just wanted to bring that
to you last but not least I'm not going
to get into the article but just wanted
to mention the fact that the parent
company of Mercedes essentially is
wanting to work in
with Robo Taxi
they want to have the ability to
transport individuals without the need
of a human being and that's where it's
all going robotics automation will
replace jobs now it brings in a new
sector of jobs that is very beneficial I
think it's great but I think ultimately
in in like a total sense that jobs will
be lost as a result that's the point the
point is to uh eliminate these jobs and
that's working really well whether or
not that's a good thing or not that's
all for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
remember that when you give me a thumbs
up it helps me out very much with my
YouTube channel so I appreciate
that if you found the video informative
I know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
get these books in Kindle format you can
get them in on Amazon and paper back
format if you don't like Amazon for
whatever reason or you have another
bookstore the it it should be available
everywhere you might have to do a
special request but I know it's
available at Barnes and Noble and others
so if you want to get them there you
prefer that that's totally cool and it
should be available in Amazon stores all
around the world no matter which Amazon
Local you're in you can get it from
there I'm also expanding into audiobooks
as well I want to know if you are
interested in audiobooks I am um already
produced the global economic collapse
one and I'm working on the money GPS one
so stay tuned for that I'm selling that
on my uh website itself because as a
Canadian author apparently I'm not
allowed to sell that on Amazon's own
website for whatever reason so that's
going to be done through my own website
the cool thing about that is that I have
full control over it I could set the
price I could do whatever I want with it
maybe I can package them together you
know I can do all sorts of things so
look for that in the near future I'm
working on all the technology stuff but
takes me a really long time with that
stuff so stay tuned for that I want to
know your interest in the audiobooks as
well so please stay tuned if you want to
look through the books go over to Amazon
there's a link in the description
below if you're still here just wanted
to let you know a little transparency
here this is actually the second time I
did this video I ran through the entire
video and at the end of the video when I
clicked stop I realized I wasn't even
recording
oops take care